Thursday , February 12 at 1:00 a.m.
in the afternoon to save and enjoy with
your bed
and capons and capons
and the shield of culture Friday the 13th
February 10 in the morning parade
comparsas and floats by the
main streets of our city to
3 hours to dance and enjoy the
carnivals with their beaches only you and the
grouping of mariachis the vacancy
and tomorrow Saturday February 14 says author
at six p.m. great parade
the joy with dancing academies of
different parts of the country and guests
Special from 21 hours
nine of the night great artistic show
international next to him
Sunday February 15 morning says
great carnival of integration for the
great popular artistic show so vile
our carnivals in san miguel de
bolívar tiles not to aggression if to the
joy and to the fun because it is
the beagle is a culture cure
2014 2019 administration